OK.
All right. So almost there with
our study. This next one is a
graphic novel that has around 8
pages. So again, describe what
you see and what is happening as
you go through the story. OK.
And you can start when you're
ready.
OK, wait a minute.
#START_arrival_5 OK, so I see a
man.
Taking a shower.
And Umm, and of course I see the
shower, the mechanisms, and and
the next picture he's appears to
be shaving.
He has a.
Shaving cream on his face and
he's bending over a sink.
And then the next one, he's
getting dressed.
And putting on his weight, his
vest. Then in the next picture,
he's tying his shoes.
And um.
Here he's counting his money.
I guess to make sure he has
enough fair to get on the bus or
whatever he's riding and then
here he's getting grabbing his
hat.
And the next picture, he's
looking at a city map.
And the next one, and the next
two, he's still looking at the
city map.
And with his pet looking up at
him, and then he's walking down
the street with his pet
following him, I see a fire
hydrant. Other people.
And then I see a boat. I mean,
it's not a boat.
Roads, like a freeway and
buildings and clouds.
And then
Umm, another map. Street street
map.
And he's looking at the street
map, confused. And then in the
other one he has, his pet is
looking at him.
And then I see.
Uh, a lot of people.
They seem to be standing on some
type of platform.
With um.
Pointed buildings.
Yeah. And then over that
they're, they seem to be under a
bridge because I see a.
Whatever these are, flying over
them.
Hmm.
OK, then the then the pet.
Is, well, I'm gonna say, talking
to another pet, and the other
pet belongs to some woman.
So, uh, they're standing next to
the man and then he's talking to
her.
She's holding a book.
And he's talking to her.
And probably asking directions.
So they're both looking at the
at the map and.
Um. And then she's pointing to
certain things.
And um.
And I guess she's still talking
to him.
And that's that's apparently a
phone behind them, behind her.
And so.
Somebody is dialing a number of
phone or something, but
somebody's dialing a number with
a, it's old fashioned phones,
Rotary phones, and then she
pulls on the handle.
Looks like a slot machine, but
and then so the ticket comes
out, then she showing him the
ticket, then she gives him the
ticket and.
And here I think they're looking
at a watch, trying to figure out
what time the.
Whatever he's waiting for is
coming.
And then up here.
They're all looking up.
Looks like flying boats to me
and.
And here.
I see people.
Other flying boats.
And then here one is landing.
And then now it's landed. Him
and his pet get on it.
He shows the guy the ticket, the
conductor, and he stamps it or
punches a hole through it or
whatever and and then welcomes
him onto this, this whatever it
is, this vessel.
OK then.
So now the man is sitting down.
Or getting ready to sit down,
him and his pet.
Then um.
Then they're sitting down and
he's talking to I don't know if
it's the same lady or a lady.
Um with her pet in her lap, and
I see a a woman and a baby,
another man, two other men, and
then here.
They're still talking.
Looks like he's still confused
about something.
And now he's reaching in his
pocket to show her.
Something, and that something
turns out to be a picture.
And she looks at it.
And I see your pet in the
background and she's saying
something to him and then she
reaches into her purse.
Pulls out a picture the exact
same way.
Only her picture was on it, so
maybe that's a passport or
something. OK, so now here, up
here, somebody's reading a book.
A woman.
And looks like somebody's trying
to take the book from her.
And took it and put it in a
drawer.
And then uh.
Hmm.
Then I see a lock and a key.
I don't know if she's the one
that's locked up.
But somebody's uh locking a
lock, and they hand her a
shovel.
And I see a woman or somebody
pointing.
Tell her what to do, and now she
has to.
Shovel coal into this fire,
furnace.
So that's what she's doing.
She's shoveling coal into the
furnace.
And um.
I see smoke coming out of it, so
I guess that means that the the
chimney part is closed so she
has to climb up the ladder.
And and open it.
Hmm.
OK, here they're on.
Ohh seems to be a big building
with nothing but furnaces.
And everybody's job is to shovel
coal into these furnaces.
OK, so.
Up here you have somebody either
crying or just upset about
something.
And then the lady with the
shovel.
She's looking up.
Then looks to me like, OK, she
uses the shovel to open the
door.
And then she goes in.
Or she's peeping around the
corner looks like to me and.
Oh, she grabs the key.
{Sometimes I have to look ahead
to see what's going to happen.
OK. Is that normal?
Yes. OK, OK.} So she's grabbing
the key and unlocking the drawer
that he put her book in. So she
takes her book and runs off.
And this picture is just her.
You know, I guess, trying to
decide where to go, she climbs
into one of the box cars of the
train.
And and then and then it goes.
Then the train starts moving.
Hmm.
OK, here we have a flying boat
again, I see.
I see buildings, pictures on top
of the buildings and.
Then the guy and his pet and the
girl and her pet.
And she's pointing at something.
Then the conductor says
something and.
And then the boat is landing.
He thanks her and him and his
pet walk off.
And then when and then he looks
up.
And what he sees is, uh
Looks like a city. City with
people walking around Build, I
see buildings and I see a big
giant.
I don't know what that is, but
it's a statue of an animal.
OK, so the man and the and his
pet is walking.
Um.
Then I see, uh, like a street.
With everybody walking and
buildings.
And down here I'm seeing um.
Two people are talking and I
don't know what these are. I
don't know if that's something
you eat or.
Pets or what that is, but it's a
box full of something.
And then here.
OK, I don't know what this is.
It looks like a vending machine.
That's what it looks like to me.
OK, so then a lady. Old lady, an
old man.
And I don't know if that's a pet
or something to eat.
And down here they're walking
around. The man is walking
around.
With his pet, pulls out a piece
of paper.
Or book of some kind or
something and um.
With and the book has a picture
of Apple.
Milk jug or cheese. Bread, fish.
And something else.
And OK, so his pet is scratching
at something.
So he walks over to see what it
is.
He pulls out the drawer and
there's something in there and
then I guess he's comparing it
with to the the pictures in the
book.
OK, so he or somebody reaches
down and pulls one up.
And and here it turned out to be
a little boy.
And the little boy and an older
man are waving at him. He's
offering this thing to the man.
Something edible, I'm assuming,
and the man points at the bread.
I guess that's what he wants, so
he's asking him.
Probably asking him where can I
get bread. So the man shows him
on the wall.
Which one it is and then he
opens it up and pulls out.
Something. Then he gives it to
the man. The man drinks or eats
from it. And then the boy has a
basket and he gives it to the
man. Now he has the basket.
OK, so now the older man man
with the glasses is holding
something, look like shrimp to
me.
And the boy is holding.
Something, I don't know what
that is.
And now the man is eating
something. I see a plant.
The boy is holding something.
Uh, and here.
Somebody is holding.
Something, I don't know what
that is. And then here he's
holding a snake.
Looks like.
And then he's got a stomach and
he's holding a fish.
Man on this one looks like some
type of fruit.
And the boy's eating something,
eating what he was offering to
the man. The man takes a bite of
the fruit. The boy gives uh what
he was eating, some of it to the
pet.
And down here now, he has a
basket full of everything.
And the boy is whispering
something to the eyeglass guy,
and eyeglass guy is talking to I
see two baskets full of food.
They're talking to each other.
The boy is pet pointing at
something. And then.
The three of them and the man's
pet is carrying baskets and
walking to a boat.
OK, so the boy is getting ready
to get on a boat.
And the man's pet is with him.
Then the boy is, I guess,
reaching down into some vase
that was already on the boat and
something comes up.
And then the man is afraid. He
drops his basket and.
I think the boy is laughing at
him.
And then the other guy is
comforting him.
And then he's, I guess,
explaining to him what it is.
It's coming out of the vase.
And the boy is holding.
Some kind of animal looks like a
cat in the vase. OK, so.
So now here he is holding the
cat.
And he.
Lets the man pet him.
Then the other guy's pointing
this pointing and the boy's
pointing and the man's pet and
the cat.
Are getting along, getting to
know each other anyway.
So here they continue to get to
know each other. The.
The man and the boy, I guess.
Um, are picking up his his food
because he dropped his basket
and.
And then the two men are
talking. The other guy is.
Looks like he's asking a
question and then now he's
writing something down.
And he' making drawing
something, drawing houses. OK,
so then.
He shows it to the man.
The man is.
I don't know, in all of it, it
looks like. #END_arrival_5 OK,
that's it. OK, so that was the
story.
So the next one is just one page
complex scene. OK, go.
#START_dinosaurs_spacemen_and_ghouls
OK.
I'm seeing.
Dinosaurs.
Oh dinosaur? Yeah, dinosaurs.
Caveman, mountains.
Red dinosaurs, green dinosaurs,
blue dinosaurs and.
Oh, I see a pink rhinoceros
looks like. Umm.
Um hmm. Down I see a.
Looks like like a dressing room
mirrors people sitting in
mirrors and.
And then 3 doors I guess, where
you go change clothes and I see
mummies.
More Cavemen.
Green aliens looks like and.
OK now.
Lights that you, you know,
lights that you use when you're
making a movie and.
A picture.
And what else you wanna see?
Um, looks like a giant ice cream
cone.
And two windows with eyes in the
windows.
Um.
What else? A tree.
Talking tree.
And then?
OK, this looks like a cafeteria.
Yeah. So there I see the the
people behind there behind the
the food, serving the food.
I see a woman at a cash
register.
um, pie.
Let me see.
Yeah, people sitting at tables,
eating.
Then here I see spaceships,
spaceships, space rocket,
spacemen.
And um.
And.
Somebody sitting behind a camera
on a lift on something, putting,
you know, high up and.
That's about it.
#END_dinosaurs_spacemen_and_ghouls
All right. We're going to do our
last one, which is also a
complex scene, OK?
OK.
Um.
#START_waldo_1 Up top I'm seeing
a building with people walking
around.
Crossing the street. I see a a
school crossing guard.
Uh.
Bikes. People on bikes.
Well, not on bikes. The bikes
are laying on the on the ground
and I see a car.
Um, a fire truck. Fire man.
They're up on top of the
building.
And over here I see a building,
people running around on the
roof, on the roof.
And uh.
People walking around.
On the ground. Some, a lady has
a dog. Somebody else has either
briefcase or suitcase.
And I see another building.
With Umm.
OK. Some guys with mops.
are fight. Or, you know,
fighting or playing. And.
I also see ladders.
With people climbing up the
ladder and workers and people
walking around, I see striped
awnings.
Um.
Now see a guy on a motorcycle. I
see cars.
A Volkswagen.
Green Volkswagen. And people
with dogs.
And somebody on a bike, somebody
coming out of a manhole.
Um, somebody oh down here a
little like vendors. They're
selling something, yeah.
And plants and stuff like that.
And over here I see a building.
Window washer, window washers,
one is on a scaffold or whatever
it's called. And.
And then over here.
Hmm.
Looks like a restaurant with
outside eating and ohh two cars
hit.
Somebody hit somebody from
behind.
Oh, and I also see a gas station
or a mechanic station.
And fire station.
And shoe shop.
I guess people live over the
shoe shops.
And um.
And then another building, and I
don't know what that is. I think
that's like a electronic store
or something. Yeah.
And.
That's about it. #END_waldo_1
Hey, Umm, done.